Update 1381512761.rst (#92)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Exceptions: Documentation/Exceptions/1381512761.rst

invalid type. It seems, v6.1 didn't care very much about invalid types,
but 6.2 does. Changing the datatype to `'type' => 'input', 'eval' => 'datetime'`
solved the problem.

After Upgrade to v11 TCA config internal_type => 'file_reference' make problem

> -------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

> After update to TYPO3 V11 from a very old v6.2 the TCA config for TCA type group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After an update to TYPO3 v11 from a very old v6.2 installation, the TCA config for TCA type group
```

> is depreciated you can not use internal_type => 'file_reference' or internal_type => 'file'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is deprecated. You cannot use :php:`internal_type => 'file_reference'` or :php:`internal_type => 'file'`
```

> is deprecated. You cannot use :php:`internal_type => 'file_reference'` or :php:`internal_type => 'file'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is deprecated. You cannot use :php:`internal_type => 'file_reference'` or :php:`internal_type => 'file'`.
```

> migrate your old TCA to new one usign type inline as fileReferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate your old TCA to new one using type :php:`inline` as :php:`fileReferences`.
```

> https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/main/en-us/Changelog/9.5/Deprecation-86406-TCATypeGroupInternal_typeFileAndFile_reference.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  seealso::
    https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/main/en-us/Changelog/9.5/Deprecation-86406-TCATypeGroupInternal_typeFileAndFile_reference.html
```

invalid type. It seems, v6.1 didn't care very much about invalid types,
but 6.2 does. Changing the datatype to `'type' => 'input', 'eval' => 'datetime'`
solved the problem.

After Upgrade to v11 TCA config internal_type => 'file_reference' make problem
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After an update to TYPO3 v11 from a very old v6.2 installation, the TCA config for TCA type group
is deprecated. You cannot use :php:`internal_type => 'file_reference'` or :php:`internal_type => 'file'`.
Migrate your old TCA to new one using type :php:`inline` as :php:`fileReferences`.

> ..  seealso::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

..  seealso::
```
